
BUG:  If you've defined a .ship that has BUILT_IN weapons and assign said weapons, 
  the next .ship you build will have the BUILT_IN weapons assigned, even if you've wiped out all of the weapon slots.  
*** when changing weapon slot ID's in ship mode or deleting slots
- propagate changes to built-in weapon assignments AND to the loaded variant

BUG: if a variant is created with out any weapons assigned 
  this is generated "weaponGroups": null rather than "weaponGroups": [] the null crashes Starfarer with
  org.json.JSONException: JSONObject["weaponGroups"] is not a JSONArray.
RELATED: The editor now doesn't deal well with extra weapon groups / modified weapon groups on older variants, 
  and once you've saved said corrupt .variant, you will not be able to open it back up in the editor to fix, 
  you'll need to maunally edit said file to get it back working. A weapon group without a weapon produces 
  the Null and this can be if a weapon group previously had a weapon but the weapon is moved into another group, 
  the old group will still remain but with the crash inducing null.


Linux: does not load the vanilla data. (There is no starfarer-core directory apparently)


enhance rjson.parse() and rjson.stringify()
- allow specifying a transform-set-id (or an array of them) as an argument
- this determines what transforms to use for the operation
- require defining a transform-set-id when adding a transform
- allow clearing of all transforms, or specifically those in a set
- allow setting of number precision by specifying a transform
- allow setting of override type by specifying a transform (parse only)


BUG: can't set hull mods if there are no weapon slots in the ship. (what the fuck)

BUG: If you build a ship, then its variant, then you go back to ship editor and remove a gun, 
  back to the variant editor, save both (all slots are correctly filled with guns),
  it seems everything's ok but that variant is actually broken because it still count the removed weapon as existing.


BUG: unable to use the escape key to exit out of any of the interface options
  such as weapon editing or hull editing, I am stuck on those screens


BUG: Editing weapon groups with no assigned weapons
  G, right arrow
  causes crash



Variant: Improve workflow for multiple weapon groups / linked / alternating / autofire.


load all shipsystems
- propagate system ID's to enum "system.id" and use in CSV mode
- show system name and description in CSV mode instead of bar graph
- (?) show CSV "defense ID" in this context as well

support weapons in mode 5

support weapon csv data in mode 6

projectiles in mode 7

fix shitty performance in complex non-TSubroutine modal functions
- use static memory allocation and stateful transitions

zoom-to-cursor (UGH)

- key to Set CSV line to blank

- Allow to Type in values for the angle & firing arcs on weapons?

CSV - preserve blank lines and row-order

ship-mounted engine graphic previews

ship-mounted weapon graphic previews

phase effect preview

add zoom-out effect to CSV row id list (it's too long), (dirty hacks ftw)

Load new graphic (I): request permission from user to clear out (new) all data. ship hull, variant, csv.

- To create "maneuvering jets"
  set the otherwise-unused "contrailSize" field to 128 to flag the engines as hidden
  They'll be activated by any system that modifies the engine glow.
